# RTS_ComponentLevel

## This GitHub repository contains the following:
 - The Bash script file (file name is: downloadJava8.sh) we used to:
    - Download, compile, and run the test cases for all 1,200 revisions of the 12 subjects used in our experiments.
    - Integrate the RTS tools Ekstazi and STARTS plugins to each revision and run these RTS tools and store their output.
    - Run JDeps tool to extract the class-level dependencies on each of the 1,200 revisions.  
 - The dataset: the dataset includes the ACDC-recovered architectures for all 1,200 revisions of the 12 Java projects used in the experimental evaluation. Each project is associated with a copressed directory (i.e., a zip file) containing architecture files for its revisions. These files provide detailed information about components, the classes within each component, and the static dependencies among classes. Each revision's files are labeled with the corresponding SHA identifier, enabling users to retrieve the specific source code revision from the project's GitHub repository. Below we provide detailed description for the dataset contents.

## The dataset:
In this repository, for every subject, there is a corresponding directory (compressed as a .zip file) that contains the architectural files for the 100 revisions of the subject, where the files of each individual revision are labeled with the revision’s SHA identifier, which can be used to retrieve the source code of that specific revision from the project's GitHub repository.
We used the ARCADE framework to recover the ACDC components for each individual revision of a subject. The ARCADE framework generates three types of output files for each individual revision. These three files are named as: acdc_clustered.rsf, acdc_smells.ser, and deps.rsf. We concat with each of these name the name of the corresponding subject and revisions HSA. For example, the following three files are generated by ARCADE for the revisions a189697fe51f4d304b8999886dc7a22281cd470e of the commons-compress subject:
1. commons-compressV0_a189697fe51f4d304b8999886dc7a22281cd470e_acdc_clustered.rsf
2. commons-compressV0_a189697fe51f4d304b8999886dc7a22281cd470e_acdc_smells.ser
3. commons-compressV0_a189697fe51f4d304b8999886dc7a22281cd470e_deps.rsf
These files contain the following types of architectural information:
- The file ending with clustered.rsf contains recovered components and classes belonging to each component. In particular, each line in this file lists an entity-cluster relationship (i.e., class-component relationship). 
- The file ending with smells.ser (Smell ser files) is an XML-like serialized lists of smells containing dependency- and concern-based smells.
- The file ending with deps.rsf contains the class-level dependencies.
The reference to the ARCADE framework that we used to recover the ACDC architectures for the 12 Java projects is:
Schmitt Laser, Marcelo, Nenad Medvidovic, Duc Minh Le, and Joshua Garcia. "ARCADE: an extensible workbench for architecture recovery, change, and decay evaluation." In Proceedings of the 28th ACM Joint Meeting on European Software Engineering Conference and Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering, pp. 1546-1550. 2020.
